I have a maintenance emergency!
Grant - please help me!
There's water everywhere!
The toilet won't flush.
The toilet is overflowing - there's poop on the floor!
There's bugs coming out of the lights!
All my lights are missing...
Hello?
Grant?
Please help me quickly!
COME OVER FAST
GRANT - PLEASE COME FIX MY SINK IMMEDIATELY
uhh there's a rodent problem under my bed
There's something in the walls its scratching
your gonna get fired if you dont com helep me rn
grant - my closets are leaking
please come over right now
HELP ME MY CAT IS STUCK IN THE LIGHTS
do you even work here any more
dude
hello?
HELLO??
!!!!!!
im calling mike since you wont help me fast enough
im calling lesley to get you fired
I'm going to call Leslie (sp) to inform her that you are unprofessional and won't help me with my raccoon problem
mike is way better than you
stop climbing everything and come help me
YOU NEED TO GET ON A VIDEO CALL WITH ME RIGHT NOW
надад туслаач
도와 줘요
帮我
میری مدد کرو
ساعدني
Помоги мне
תעזור לי
dude i think im on fire
my penis is caught in the garbage disposal - dont ask just come help
pls help my windos is slimy
,a.fflasd
theres hair in my microwave pls come clean it up
r u evn a mtnc man ne more
do u work here
you suck
someone is trying to break in im scared
please clean my windows i cant see outside i live on the third floor
Garbage disposal is not working and I need to threaten my children
shower is 2 cold!  pls hlp!
small fire, don’t worry, please hurry
Do you offer phycological help?
ac is broke.. we are out.. dog might attack..
Pecorino is my tiny mouse.  He lives in my outdoor closet, but I saw him inside the house today.  I need to request some additional cheese.
Grant please fix.  Flooded.  Warning DO NOT GO IN
I’ve gone through enough drainO and cleaned with enough bleach – pretty sure I’ve created mustard gas.  Both shower AND sink are clogged!  Send help please and G-d Speed!
We have ants I tell you… ANNNTTTZZZZZ!!!
bedroom is 6 inches taller in the morning than at night – please fix.
Hope you are having a great Labor Day!  Please come fix my fireplace now
a plane crashed in my living room.. pls hurry
Error Notice 101:  Unable to send message.
Error Notice 101:  Unable to send message.  Error Notice 101:  Unable to send message.  Error Notice 101:  Unable to send message.  Error Notice 101:  Unable to send message.  Error Notice 101:  Unable to send message.
Can you help me fix my car?  I need my oil changed and my tits rotated.
the toilet is smoking
THE WALL PAPER IS PEELING
the ceiling is dripping on my bed and woke me up last night
my upstairs neighbors crashed through the ceiling… help us please?
Can you please watch the stuff in my apartment until I return from outer space?  Not sure how long it’ll be.
screen door needed completely broken mosquitoes biting we're losing a lot of blood - please help
Status: New. Priority: High. Problem: Toilet. Action Request: Clean. Problem Description: Puke around toilet.
soiled underwear found under stairwell - plz remove
football size termites with wings.  need shot guns with ammo or flame throwers if possible. grenades maybe optional.  i think they growled at me.  help now please.
sparks flying inside microwave please help
my leftovers caught fire in my microwave.  why?  please bring food.
garbage disposal doesn't work, too many paper towels, please help
i was getting something out of the freezer, using the bottom drawer of my refrigerator as a step stool like i ALWAYS DO now it wont close please help
deer got in last night thru window.. glass and blood everywhere.. need new refrigerator..
The bottom electrical outlet doesn't work!
dishwasher is broken and kitchen is flooded.  please take off shoes inside the house.
GARBAGE DISPOSAL IS NOT TURNING OFF AND IS NOW SMOKING!  PLEASE HURRY!  CALLED 10 TIMES!
garbage disposal clogged after emptying vacuum cleaner bag in sink.  gf says i need water, please set her straight.
please make the snow stop
child won’t stop screaming, please fix
tried to make a hottub with inflatable pool and leaf blower, please hurry
water just broke. please hurry.
child has a broken sewage pipe, please hurry
coffee is too strong, please fix
cut fngr of pls brg ice hry
afraid of the dark, sun is setting, please hurry over
my houseplants are whispering to me… help
can I borrow 2 cups of flour?
What are you wearing?
kids colored on wall, can I have some extra paint?  also lit shower curtain on fire
I smell dust in my apartment, please hurry quick
help my fridge is running and I cant catch it!
Im locked in my bathroom, please send someone quick
every morning my furniture is rearranged and the TV is fuzzy, I think my apartment is haunted, please help
locked myself on my patio. please come let me back in. front door is open. room 105
1 gal milk, doz eggs, orange juice, 3 avocadoes, mango, tuna fish, 1 box extra toasty cheez-its.  Please leave on doorstep and knock 6 times.
cant reach tv remote please hurry missing judge judy
